New tooltip and popover (#421)
nordcloud/GNUI: src/components/extendedTooltip/ExtendedTooltip.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Story, Canvas } from "@storybook/addon-docs/blocks";
import { ExtendedTooltip } from "./ExtendedTooltip";
import { SVGIcon } from "../svgicon";

<Meta title="Components/ExtendedTooltip" component={ExtendedTooltip} />

# Extended Tooltip

## properties

> - `caption`: `ReactNode` {required} tooltip content
> - `placement`: `top | bottom | right | left` {optional} relative placement of tooltip compared to parent element, default is `top`
> - `position`: `start | end | center` {optional} relative shift of tooltip placement compared to parent element, default is `center`
> - `status`: `danger | warning | success | notification` {optional} background color of tooltip

> > - `margin`: `{ top?: number, bottom?: number, left?: number, right?: number }` {optional} margin around tooltip, default to `5px` around

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - `margin`: `{ top?: number, bottom?: number, left?: number, right?: number }` {optional} margin around tooltip, defaults to `5px` for all properties
```
